Sprint 3 - 

Phew! Barely made it! I finally have a timer setup and a button to start and stop the timer. I need to move the timer values to a DB to store so I can display some very basic stats under the start button. The user will be able to see their highest "score", their recent "score" and the total number of times they have "played."

I tried setting up a MySQL database in GCP(Google Cloud Platform), but ran into a permissions issue on the GCP side and figured Firebase would be simpler anyway. Maybe not....

I setup a database in firebase to hold timer values and other data. This required installing firebase dependencies in my project with the `npm install firebase` command. Then I created a function called firebase.js to connect my app to the new database. I'm running into an issue when calling the database so I may change my approach and setup my own MySQL instance.

I decided to remove the VS gameplay button because the intent of this project is to inspire people to go without their phones. I also have decided against a leaderboard for the same reason. I am considering adding a field for the user to write their own affirmation about what they are going to do with their time to help reinforce the user's intent for what they will do with their time away from their phone. 

I thought I would want ads embedded in this app, but that would also be counter to the spirit of the intent of this app. Personally I also like the idea of value-for-value where I provide a product or service that has some value and the users of said product or service return the value in the way they feel most appropriate. The three ways that value can be returned are time talent or treasure. It could be a monetary donation, sharing the app with friends or volunteering to help with some aspect of producing the app itself. More info on value for value can be found here: value4value.info

I am planning to add some motivational/inspirational language on the home page of the app. I generated some of that language with ChatGPT for now, but it would be more dynamic if I tie in the OpenAI API and pull new inspirational messages every day. For now I will use each of the following sentences in a dictionary and pick one at random each time the user opens the app: "Embrace the world beyond the screen. Disconnect to reconnect with life's vibrant moments. Let the beauty of the present unfold without digital distractions. Rediscover the joy of genuine connections, nature's wonders, and the simple pleasure of being fully present. Break free from the virtual to savor the richness of reality."
